add tabs to tags page (#8368)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/tags.md

| models/marts/dim_customers.sql   | `contains_pii`, `hourly`, `published` |
| models/metrics/daily_metrics.sql | `contains_pii`, `daily`, `published`  |

### Applying tags to specific columns and tests

> Tags can also be applied to specific columns in a resource and to tests.

Reviewer: Changing to active voice
```suggestion
You can also apply tags to specific columns in a resource, and to tests.
```
